!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Darren Hiebert	/dhiebert@users.sourceforge.net/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Exuberant Ctags	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	http://ctags.sourceforge.net	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	5.8	//
API_H_	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/api.h	/^#define API_H_$/;"	d
BAD_INDEX_TYPE	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/error.h	/^#define BAD_INDEX_TYPE /;"	d
BAD_INITIALIZATION	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/error.h	/^#define BAD_INITIALIZATION /;"	d
BAD_OPERATION	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/error.h	/^#define BAD_OPERATION /;"	d
BAD_STORAGE	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/error.h	/^#define BAD_STORAGE /;"	d
BUILTIN_DYAD	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int BUILTIN_DYAD = 8;$/;"	m	class:NounType
BUILTIN_MONAD	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int BUILTIN_MONAD = 7;$/;"	m	class:NounType
BUILTIN_SYMBOL	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int BUILTIN_SYMBOL = 6;$/;"	m	class:NounType
BUILTIN_TRIAD	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int BUILTIN_TRIAD = 9;$/;"	m	class:NounType
CHARACTER	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int CHARACTER = 2;$/;"	m	class:NounType
CONDITIONAL	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int CONDITIONAL = 19;$/;"	m	class:NounType
Character	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.h	/^class Character$/;"	c
Conditional	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.h	/^class Conditional$/;"	c
Connection	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/Connection.h	/^class Connection$/;"	c
DICTIONARY	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int DICTIONARY = 5;$/;"	m	class:NounType
DIVISION_BY_ZERO	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/error.h	/^#define DIVISION_BY_ZERO /;"	d
DYADIC_ADVERB	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int DYADIC_ADVERB = 11;$/;"	m	class:NounType
Dictionary	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.h	/^class Dictionary$/;"	c
DyadicAdverbs	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^class DyadicAdverbs$/;"	c
Dyads	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^class Dyads$/;"	c
EMPTY	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/error.h	/^#define EMPTY /;"	d
ERROR	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int ERROR = 16;$/;"	m	class:NounType
ERROR_H_	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/error.h	/^#define ERROR_H_$/;"	d
EXPRESSION	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int EXPRESSION = 17;$/;"	m	class:NounType
EvalRegister	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/register.h	/^    EvalRegister() : i(Word::make(0, NounType::INTEGER)), r(std::nullopt) {}$/;"	f	class:EvalRegister
EvalRegister	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/register.h	/^    explicit EvalRegister(Storage i) : i(i), r(std::nullopt) {}$/;"	f	class:EvalRegister
EvalRegister	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/register.h	/^class EvalRegister$/;"	c
Expression	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.h	/^class Expression$/;"	c
FLOAT	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int FLOAT = 1;$/;"	m	class:StorageType
FLOAT_ARRAY	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int FLOAT_ARRAY = 3; \/\/ all floats$/;"	m	class:StorageType
Float	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^class Float$/;"	c
FloatArray	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^class FloatArray$/;"	c
INTEGER	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int INTEGER = 0;$/;"	m	class:NounType
INVALID_ADVERB_ARGUMENT	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/error.h	/^#define INVALID_ADVERB_ARGUMENT /;"	d
INVALID_ARGUMENT	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/error.h	/^#define INVALID_ARGUMENT /;"	d
Integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.h	/^class Integer$/;"	c
IntsHash	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/types.h	/^struct IntsHash$/;"	s
IotaString	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.h	/^class IotaString$/;"	c
LIST	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int LIST = 4;$/;"	m	class:NounType
List	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.h	/^class List$/;"	c
MAXIMUM_ITERATIONS	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/error.h	/^#define MAXIMUM_ITERATIONS /;"	d
MIXED_ARRAY	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int MIXED_ARRAY = 4; \/\/ array of storage types$/;"	m	class:StorageType
MONADIC_ADVERB	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int MONADIC_ADVERB = 10;$/;"	m	class:NounType
MixedArray	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.h	/^class MixedArray$/;"	c
MonadicAdverbs	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^class MonadicAdverbs$/;"	c
Monads	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^class Monads$/;"	c
NOUN_H_	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.h	/^#define NOUN_H_$/;"	d
Noun	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.h	/^class Noun$/;"	c
NounType	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^class NounType$/;"	c
OUT_OF_BOUNDS	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/error.h	/^#define OUT_OF_BOUNDS /;"	d
QUOTED_SYMBOL	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int QUOTED_SYMBOL = 20;$/;"	m	class:NounType
QuotedSymbol	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.h	/^class QuotedSymbol$/;"	c
REAL	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int REAL = 1;$/;"	m	class:NounType
REGISTER_H_	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/register.h	/^#define REGISTER_H_$/;"	d
RELIABLE_CONNECTION_H_	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/Connection.h	/^#define RELIABLE_CONNECTION_H_$/;"	d
Real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.h	/^class Real$/;"	c
SERIAL_CONNECTION_H_	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/StorageConnection.h	/^#define SERIAL_CONNECTION_H_$/;"	d
SHAPE_MISMATCH	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/error.h	/^#define SHAPE_MISMATCH /;"	d
SQUEEZE_H_	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/squeeze.h	/^#define SQUEEZE_H_$/;"	d
STORAGE_H_	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^#define STORAGE_H_$/;"	d
STRING	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int STRING = 3;$/;"	m	class:NounType
SYMBOLS_H_	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^#define SYMBOLS_H_$/;"	d
Storage	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    Storage(int o, int t, I i) : o(o), t(t), i(std::move(i)) {}$/;"	f	class:Storage
Storage	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^class Storage$/;"	c
StorageConnection	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/StorageConnection.h	/^class StorageConnection$/;"	c
StorageType	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^class StorageType$/;"	c
Symbol	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.h	/^class Symbol$/;"	c
SymbolType	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^class SymbolType$/;"	c
TEST_ERROR	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/error.h	/^#define TEST_ERROR /;"	d
TYPE	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int TYPE = 18;$/;"	m	class:NounType
TYPES_H_	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/types.h	/^#define TYPES_H_$/;"	d
Triads	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^class Triads$/;"	c
UNEQUAL_ARRAY_LENGTHS	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/error.h	/^#define UNEQUAL_ARRAY_LENGTHS /;"	d
UNKNOWN_KEY	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/error.h	/^#define UNKNOWN_KEY /;"	d
UNSUPPORTED_OBJECT	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/error.h	/^#define UNSUPPORTED_OBJECT /;"	d
UNSUPPORTED_SUBJECT	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/error.h	/^#define UNSUPPORTED_SUBJECT /;"	d
USER_DYAD	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int USER_DYAD = 14;$/;"	m	class:NounType
USER_MONAD	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int USER_MONAD = 13;$/;"	m	class:NounType
USER_SYMBOL	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int USER_SYMBOL = 12;$/;"	m	class:NounType
USER_TRIAD	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int USER_TRIAD = 15;$/;"	m	class:NounType
WORD	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int WORD = 0;$/;"	m	class:StorageType
WORD_ARRAY	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int WORD_ARRAY = 2;  \/\/ all integers$/;"	m	class:StorageType
Word	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^class Word$/;"	c
WordArray	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^class WordArray$/;"	c
amend	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage amend(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a:_b$/;"	f
amend	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int amend = 22;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
append	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::append(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
append_character	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::append_character(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
append_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::append_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
append_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::append_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
applyDyad	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int applyDyad = 51;$/;"	m	class:Triads
applyMonad	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int applyMonad = 49;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
asciiToUTF32	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^ints Symbol::asciiToUTF32(const std::string& ascii)$/;"	f	class:Symbol
atom	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage atom(const Storage& i)  \/\/ @a$/;"	f
atom	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int atom = 0;$/;"	m	class:Monads
atom_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::atom_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
atom_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::atom_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:List
c	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/api.cpp	/^Storage c()$/;"	f
char_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::char_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Integer
char_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::char_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:List
converge	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage converge(const Storage& i, const Storage& f) \/\/ f:~a$/;"	f
converge	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int converge = 52;$/;"	m	class:MonadicAdverbs
converge_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::converge_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:Noun
count	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int count = 18;$/;"	m	class:Monads
cut	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage cut(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a:_b$/;"	f
cut	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int cut = 23;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
cut_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::cut_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
cut_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::cut_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
cut_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::cut_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
cut_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::cut_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
cut_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::cut_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
dispatchDyad	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::dispatchDyad(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
dispatchDyadicAdverb	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::dispatchDyadicAdverb(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& g, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
dispatchMonad	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::dispatchMonad(const Storage& i, const Storage& f) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
dispatchMonadicAdverb	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::dispatchMonadicAdverb(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& g)$/;"	f	class:Noun
dispatchTriad	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::dispatchTriad(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x, const Storage& y)$/;"	f	class:Noun
divide	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage divide(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a%b$/;"	f
divide	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int divide = 24;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
divide_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::divide_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
divide_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::divide_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
divide_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::divide_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
divide_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::divide_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
divide_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::divide_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
divide_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::divide_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
divide_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::divide_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
divide_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::divide_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
divide_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::divide_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
divide_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::divide_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
divide_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::divide_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
divide_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::divide_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
divide_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::divide_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
divide_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::divide_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
divide_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::divide_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
drop	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage drop(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a_b$/;"	f
drop	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int drop = 25;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
drop_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::drop_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
dyadicAdverbs	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^std::map<Specialization5, DyadicAdverb> Noun::dyadicAdverbs;$/;"	m	class:Noun	file:
dyadicAdverbs	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.h	/^      static std::map<Specialization5, DyadicAdverb> dyadicAdverbs;$/;"	m	class:Noun
dyads	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^std::map<Specialization5, Dyad> Noun::dyads;$/;"	m	class:Noun	file:
dyads	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.h	/^      static std::map<Specialization5, Dyad> dyads;$/;"	m	class:Noun
e	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/api.cpp	/^Storage e()$/;"	f
each	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage each(const Storage& i, const Storage& f) \/\/ f'a$/;"	f
each	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int each = 53;$/;"	m	class:MonadicAdverbs
each2	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage each2(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x) \/\/ a f'b$/;"	f
each2	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int each2 = 58;$/;"	m	class:DyadicAdverbs
each2_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::each2_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
eachLeft	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage eachLeft(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x) \/\/ a f'b$/;"	f
eachLeft	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int eachLeft = 59;$/;"	m	class:DyadicAdverbs
eachLeft_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::eachLeft_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
eachPair	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage eachPair(const Storage& i, const Storage& f) \/\/ f:'a$/;"	f
eachPair	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int eachPair = 54;$/;"	m	class:MonadicAdverbs
eachPair_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::eachPair_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
eachPair_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::eachPair_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
eachPair_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::eachPair_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
eachRight	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage eachRight(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x) \/\/ a f'b$/;"	f
eachRight	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int eachRight = 60;$/;"	m	class:DyadicAdverbs
eachRight_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::eachRight_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
each_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::each_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
each_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::each_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
each_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::each_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
each_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::each_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
enclose	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage enclose(const Storage& i)  \/\/ ,a$/;"	f
enclose	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int enclose = 3;$/;"	m	class:Monads
enclose2	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::enclose2(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
enclose_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Character::enclose_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Character
enclose_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::enclose_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Integer
enclose_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::enclose_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
enclose_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::enclose_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Real
enumerate	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage enumerate(const Storage& i)  \/\/ !a$/;"	f
enumerate	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int enumerate = 4;$/;"	m	class:Monads
enumerate_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::enumerate_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Integer
equal	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage equal(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a=b$/;"	f
equal	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int equal = 26;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
equal_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Character::equal_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Character
equal_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::equal_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
equal_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::equal_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
equal_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::equal_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
erase	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage erase(const Storage& i)$/;"	f
erase	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int erase = 20;$/;"	m	class:Monads
error_to_string	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/api.cpp	/^const char *error_to_string(const Storage &e)$/;"	f
eval	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/register.cpp	/^void EvalRegister::eval()$/;"	f	class:EvalRegister
evaluate	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage evaluate(const Storage& i)$/;"	f
evaluate	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int evaluate = 19;$/;"	m	class:Monads
evaluate_expression	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::evaluate_expression(const Storage& e)$/;"	f	class:Noun
evaluate_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Conditional::evaluate_impl(const Storage& e)$/;"	f	class:Conditional
evaluate_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Symbol::evaluate_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Symbol
expand	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage expand(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ &b$/;"	f
expand	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int expand = 27;$/;"	m	class:Monads
expand_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/squeeze.cpp	/^varint expand_conn(Connection conn)$/;"	f
expand_conn_floating	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/squeeze.cpp	/^maybe<floating> expand_conn_floating(Connection conn)$/;"	f
expand_floating	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/squeeze.cpp	/^maybe<floating> expand_floating(bytes value)$/;"	f
expand_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::expand_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Integer
expand_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::expand_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
expand_int	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/squeeze.cpp	/^std::tuple<varint, bytes> expand_int(bytes data)$/;"	f
expand_int_from_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/squeeze.cpp	/^varint expand_int_from_bytes(const bytes &bytes)$/;"	f
expand_ints	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/squeeze.cpp	/^std::tuple<ints, bytes> expand_ints(const bytes& data)$/;"	f
f	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int f = 4;$/;"	m	class:SymbolType
false0	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::false0() {$/;"	f	class:Noun
false1	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::false1(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
false2	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::false2(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
fetch_i	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/register.cpp	/^Storage EvalRegister::fetch_i()$/;"	f	class:EvalRegister
fetch_r	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/register.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> EvalRegister::fetch_r()$/;"	f	class:EvalRegister
find	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage find(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a?b$/;"	f
find	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int find = 28;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
find_character	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::find_character(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
find_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Dictionary::find_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Dictionary
find_integers_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::find_integers_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
find_integers_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::find_integers_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
find_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::find_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
find_reals_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::find_reals_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
find_reals_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::find_reals_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
find_string	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::find_string(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
first	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage first(const Storage& i)  \/\/ *a$/;"	f
first	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int first = 5;$/;"	m	class:Monads
first_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::first_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
first_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::first_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
floor	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage floor(const Storage& i)  \/\/ _a$/;"	f
floor	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int floor = 6;$/;"	m	class:Monads
floor_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::floor_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
floor_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::floor_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Real
form	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage form(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a:$b$/;"	f
form	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int form = 29;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
form_character	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::form_character(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
form_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::form_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
form_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::form_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
form_quoted_symbol	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::form_quoted_symbol(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
form_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::form_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
format	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage format(const Storage& i)  \/\/ $a$/;"	f
format	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int format = 7;$/;"	m	class:Monads
format2	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage format2(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a$b$/;"	f
format2	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int format2 = 30;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
format2_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::format2_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
format2_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::format2_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
format2_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::format2_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
format_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::format_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Integer
format_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::format_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
format_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage QuotedSymbol::format_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:QuotedSymbol
format_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::format_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Real
from_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Character::from_bytes(bytes bs, int t) {$/;"	f	class:Character
from_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Dictionary::from_bytes(bytes bs, int t)$/;"	f	class:Dictionary
from_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Integer::from_bytes(bytes bs, int t) {$/;"	f	class:Integer
from_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> IotaString::from_bytes(const bytes& bs, int t) {$/;"	f	class:IotaString
from_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> List::from_bytes(const bytes &bs, int t) {$/;"	f	class:List
from_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> MixedArray::from_bytes(bytes x, int o)$/;"	f	class:MixedArray
from_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Noun::from_bytes(bytes x) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
from_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Real::from_bytes(bytes bs, int t) {$/;"	f	class:Real
from_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Float::from_bytes(bytes x, int o)$/;"	f	class:Float
from_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> FloatArray::from_bytes(const bytes& x, int o)$/;"	f	class:FloatArray
from_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Word::from_bytes(bytes x, int o)$/;"	f	class:Word
from_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> WordArray::from_bytes(const bytes& x, int o)$/;"	f	class:WordArray
from_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Character::from_conn(Connection conn, int t) {$/;"	f	class:Character
from_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Dictionary::from_conn(const Connection& conn, int t)$/;"	f	class:Dictionary
from_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Integer::from_conn(Connection conn, int t) {$/;"	f	class:Integer
from_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> IotaString::from_conn(Connection conn, int t) {$/;"	f	class:IotaString
from_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> List::from_conn(Connection conn, int t) {$/;"	f	class:List
from_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> MixedArray::from_conn(const Connection& conn, int o) {$/;"	f	class:MixedArray
from_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Noun::from_conn(Connection conn) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
from_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Real::from_conn(Connection conn, int t) {$/;"	f	class:Real
from_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Float::from_conn(const Connection& conn, int o)$/;"	f	class:Float
from_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> FloatArray::from_conn(const Connection& conn, int o)$/;"	f	class:FloatArray
from_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> Word::from_conn(const Connection& conn, int o)$/;"	f	class:Word
from_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> WordArray::from_conn(const Connection& conn, int o)$/;"	f	class:WordArray
getInteger	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^int getInteger(const Storage& i)$/;"	f
getIntegers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^ints getIntegers(const Storage& i)$/;"	f
getMixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^mixed getMixed(const Storage& i)$/;"	f
getReal	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^float getReal(const Storage& i)$/;"	f
getReals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^floats getReals(const Storage& i)$/;"	f
getSize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^int getSize(const Storage& i)$/;"	f
gradeDown	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage gradeDown(const Storage& i)  \/\/ >a$/;"	f
gradeDown	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int gradeDown = 8;$/;"	m	class:Monads
gradeDown_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::gradeDown_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
gradeDown_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::gradeDown_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
gradeUp	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage gradeUp(const Storage& i)  \/\/ <a$/;"	f
gradeUp	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int gradeUp = 9;$/;"	m	class:Monads
gradeUp_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::gradeUp_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
gradeUp_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::gradeUp_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
group	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage group(const Storage& i)  \/\/ =a$/;"	f
group	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int group = 10;$/;"	m	class:Monads
group_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::group_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
group_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::group_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
hash	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^struct std::hash<Storage>$/;"	s	class:std
i	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/register.h	/^    Storage i;$/;"	m	class:EvalRegister
i	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    I i;$/;"	m	class:Storage
i	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int i = 0;$/;"	m	class:SymbolType
ichar	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage ichar(const Storage& i)  \/\/ :#a$/;"	f
ichar	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int ichar = 1;$/;"	m	class:Monads
identity	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^Storage Storage::identity(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Storage
identity1	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::identity1(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Noun
identity2	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::identity2(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
index	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage index(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a@b$/;"	f
index	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int index = 31;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
indexInDepth	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int indexInDepth = 32;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
index_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::index_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
index_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::index_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void Character::initialize() {$/;"	f	class:Character
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void Conditional::initialize()$/;"	f	class:Conditional
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void Dictionary::initialize()$/;"	f	class:Dictionary
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void Expression::initialize() {$/;"	f	class:Expression
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void Integer::initialize()$/;"	f	class:Integer
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void IotaString::initialize() {$/;"	f	class:IotaString
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void List::initialize() {$/;"	f	class:List
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void Noun::initialize() {$/;"	f	class:Noun
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void QuotedSymbol::initialize()$/;"	f	class:QuotedSymbol
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void Real::initialize() {$/;"	f	class:Real
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void Symbol::initialize()$/;"	f	class:Symbol
initialize	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/register.cpp	/^void EvalRegister::initialize()$/;"	f	class:EvalRegister
inot	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage inot(const Storage& i)  \/\/ ~a$/;"	f
inot	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int inot = 2;$/;"	m	class:Monads
integerDivide	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage integerDivide(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a%b$/;"	f
integerDivide	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int integerDivide = 33;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
integerDivide_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::integerDivide_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
integerToString	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^std::unordered_map<int, ints> Symbol::integerToString;$/;"	m	class:Symbol	file:
integerToString	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.h	/^    static std::unordered_map<int, ints> integerToString;$/;"	m	class:Symbol
isAtom	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^int isAtom(const Storage& i)$/;"	f
isLittleEndian	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/squeeze.cpp	/^bool isLittleEndian()$/;"	f
isNil	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^int isNil(const Storage& i)$/;"	f
iterate	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage iterate(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x) \/\/ a f:*b$/;"	f
iterate	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int iterate = 63;$/;"	m	class:DyadicAdverbs
iterate_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::iterate_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
join	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage join(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a,b$/;"	f
join	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int join = 34;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
join_character	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Character::join_character(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Character
join_enclose_mix	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::join_enclose_mix(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
join_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::join_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
join_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::join_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
join_integers_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::join_integers_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
join_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Character::join_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Character
join_mix_enclose	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::join_mix_enclose(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
join_mix_left	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::join_mix_left(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
join_mix_right	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::join_mix_right(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
join_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::join_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
join_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::join_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
join_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::join_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
join_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::join_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
join_reals_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::join_reals_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
join_scalar	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Character::join_scalar(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Character
join_scalar	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::join_scalar(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
join_string	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::join_string(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
less	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage less(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a<b$/;"	f
less	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int less = 35;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
less_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::less_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
less_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::less_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
less_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::less_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
less_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::less_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
less_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::less_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
less_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::less_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
less_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::less_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
less_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::less_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
less_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::less_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
less_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::less_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
less_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::less_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
load_i	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/register.cpp	/^void EvalRegister::load_i(bytes data)$/;"	f	class:EvalRegister
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Character::make(int i)$/;"	f	class:Character
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Conditional::make(const mixed &i)$/;"	f	class:Conditional
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Dictionary::make(const mixed &i)$/;"	f	class:Dictionary
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::make(int i)$/;"	f	class:Integer
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::make(ints i)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage MixedArray::make(mixed x, int o) {$/;"	f	class:MixedArray
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage QuotedSymbol::make(const ints &i)$/;"	f	class:QuotedSymbol
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::make(float i)$/;"	f	class:Real
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^Storage Float::make(float x, int o)$/;"	f	class:Float
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^Storage FloatArray::make(floats x, int o)$/;"	f	class:FloatArray
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^Storage Word::make(int x, int o)$/;"	f	class:Word
make	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^Storage WordArray::make(ints x, int o)$/;"	f	class:WordArray
makeEmpty	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Dictionary::makeEmpty()$/;"	f	class:Dictionary
makeEmpty	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::makeEmpty()$/;"	f	class:IotaString
match	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage match(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a~b$/;"	f
match	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int match = 36;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
match_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Character::match_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Character
match_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Dictionary::match_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Dictionary
match_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::match_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
match_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::match_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
match_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::match_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
match_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::match_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
max	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage max(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a|b$/;"	f
max	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int max = 37;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
max_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::max_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
max_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::max_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
max_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::max_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
max_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::max_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
max_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::max_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
max_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::max_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
max_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::max_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
max_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::max_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
max_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::max_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
max_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::max_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
max_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::max_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
maximumConvergeIterations	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.h	/^    static constexpr int maximumConvergeIterations = 1000;$/;"	m	class:Noun
min	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage min(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a&b$/;"	f
min	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int min = 38;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
min_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::min_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
min_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::min_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
min_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::min_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
min_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::min_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
min_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::min_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
min_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::min_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
min_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::min_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
min_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::min_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
min_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::min_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
min_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::min_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
min_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::min_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
minus	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage minus(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a-b$/;"	f
minus	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int minus = 39;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
minus_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::minus_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
minus_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::minus_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
minus_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::minus_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
minus_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::minus_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
minus_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::minus_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
minus_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::minus_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
minus_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::minus_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
minus_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::minus_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
minus_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::minus_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
minus_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::minus_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
minus_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::minus_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
mix	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::mix(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Noun
monadicAdverbs	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^std::map<Specialization3, MonadicAdverb> Noun::monadicAdverbs;$/;"	m	class:Noun	file:
monadicAdverbs	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.h	/^      static std::map<Specialization3, MonadicAdverb> monadicAdverbs;$/;"	m	class:Noun
monads	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^std::map<Specialization3, Monad> Noun::monads;$/;"	m	class:Noun	file:
monads	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.h	/^      static std::map<Specialization3, Monad> monads;$/;"	m	class:Noun
more	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage more(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a>b$/;"	f
more	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int more = 40;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
more_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::more_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
more_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::more_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
more_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::more_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
more_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::more_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
more_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::more_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
more_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::more_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
more_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::more_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
more_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::more_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
more_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::more_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
more_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::more_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
more_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::more_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
negate	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage negate(const Storage& i) \/\/ -a$/;"	f
negate	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int negate = 11;$/;"	m	class:Monads
negate_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::negate_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Integer
negate_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::negate_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
negate_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::negate_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Real
nil	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^Storage WordArray::nil()$/;"	f	class:WordArray
nil1	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^Storage WordArray::nil1(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:WordArray
nil2	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^Storage WordArray::nil2(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:WordArray
not_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::not_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Integer
not_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::not_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
not_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::not_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
not_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::not_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Real
o	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    int o;$/;"	m	class:Storage
one	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::one()$/;"	f	class:Integer
one	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::one()$/;"	f	class:Real
operator ()	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/types.h	/^  std::size_t operator()(const std::vector<int>& integers) const$/;"	f	struct:IntsHash
operator ==	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^bool Storage::operator==(const Storage& other) const$/;"	f	class:Storage
over	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage over(const Storage& i, const Storage& f) \/\/ f\/a$/;"	f
over	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int over = 55;$/;"	m	class:MonadicAdverbs
overNeutral	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage overNeutral(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x) \/\/ a f'b$/;"	f
overNeutral	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int overNeutral = 61;$/;"	m	class:DyadicAdverbs
overNeutral_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::overNeutral_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
over_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::over_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
over_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::over_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
over_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::over_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
plus	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage plus(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a+b$/;"	f
plus	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int plus = 41;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
plus_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::plus_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
plus_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::plus_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
plus_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::plus_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
plus_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::plus_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
plus_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::plus_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
plus_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::plus_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
plus_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::plus_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
plus_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::plus_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
plus_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::plus_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
plus_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::plus_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
plus_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::plus_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
power	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage power(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a^b$/;"	f
power	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int power = 42;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
power_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::power_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
power_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::power_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
power_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::power_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
power_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::power_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
power_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::power_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
power_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::power_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
power_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::power_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
power_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::power_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
power_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::power_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
power_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::power_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
power_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::power_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
precision	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr float precision = 6; \/\/ for format$/;"	m	class:Float
prepend	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::prepend(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
prepend_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::prepend_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
prepend_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::prepend_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
prepend_string	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Character::prepend_string(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Character
prepend_to_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::prepend_to_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
prepend_to_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::prepend_to_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
r	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/register.h	/^    maybe<Storage> r;$/;"	m	class:EvalRegister
read_storage	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/StorageConnection.cpp	/^maybe<Storage> StorageConnection::read_storage()$/;"	f	class:StorageConnection
reciprocal	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage reciprocal(const Storage& i) \/\/ %a$/;"	f
reciprocal	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int reciprocal = 12;$/;"	m	class:Monads
reciprocal_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::reciprocal_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Integer
reciprocal_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::reciprocal_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
reciprocal_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::reciprocal_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Real
registerDyad	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void Noun::registerDyad(Type it, Type io, Type f, Type xt, Type xo, Storage (*d)(const Storage&, const Storage&)) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
registerDyadicAdverb	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void Noun::registerDyadicAdverb(Type it, Type io, Type f, Type xt, Type xo, Storage (*a)(const Storage&, const Storage&, const Storage&)) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
registerMonad	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void Noun::registerMonad(Type it, Type io, Type f, Storage (*m)(const Storage&))$/;"	f	class:Noun
registerMonadicAdverb	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void Noun::registerMonadicAdverb(Type it, Type io, Type f, Storage (*a)(const Storage&, const Storage&)) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
registerTriad	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void Noun::registerTriad(Type it, Type io, Type f, Type xt, Type xo, Storage (*t)(const Storage&, const Storage&, const Storage&)) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
reliable	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/StorageConnection.h	/^    Connection reliable;$/;"	m	class:StorageConnection
remainder	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage remainder(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a!b$/;"	f
remainder	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int remainder = 43;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
remainder_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::remainder_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
remainder_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::remainder_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
remainder_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::remainder_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
remainder_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::remainder_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
remainder_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::remainder_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
remainder_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::remainder_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
reshape	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage reshape(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a:^b$/;"	f
reshape	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int reshape = 44;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
reshape_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::reshape_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
reshape_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::reshape_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
reshape_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::reshape_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
reshape_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::reshape_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
reshape_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::reshape_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
reshape_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::reshape_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
retrieve_r	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/register.cpp	/^maybe<bytes> EvalRegister::retrieve_r() const$/;"	f	class:EvalRegister
retype	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int retype = 50;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
reverse	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage reverse(const Storage& i) \/\/ |a$/;"	f
reverse	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int reverse = 13;$/;"	m	class:Monads
reverse_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::reverse_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
reverse_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::reverse_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
rotate	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage rotate(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a:+b$/;"	f
rotate	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int rotate = 45;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
rotate_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::rotate_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
rotate_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::rotate_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
scanConverging	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage scanConverging(const Storage& i, const Storage& f) \/\/ f:~a$/;"	f
scanConverging	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int scanConverging = 56;$/;"	m	class:MonadicAdverbs
scanConverging_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::scanConverging_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:Noun
scanIterating	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage scanIterating(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x) \/\/ a f\\*b$/;"	f
scanIterating	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int scanIterating = 66;$/;"	m	class:DyadicAdverbs
scanIterating_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::scanIterating_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
scanOver	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage scanOver(const Storage& i, const Storage& f) \/\/ f\\a$/;"	f
scanOver	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int scanOver = 57;$/;"	m	class:MonadicAdverbs
scanOverNeutral	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage scanOverNeutral(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x) \/\/ a f\\b $/;"	f
scanOverNeutral	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int scanOverNeutral = 64;$/;"	m	class:DyadicAdverbs
scanOverNeutral_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::scanOverNeutral_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Noun
scanOver_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::scanOver_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
scanOver_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::scanOver_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
scanOver_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::scanOver_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& f)$/;"	f	class:List
scanWhileOne	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage scanWhileOne(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x) \/\/ a f\\b$/;"	f
scanWhileOne	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int scanWhileOne = 65;$/;"	m	class:DyadicAdverbs
scanWhileOne_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::scanWhileOne_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& g)$/;"	f	class:Noun
shape	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage shape(const Storage& i) \/\/ ^a$/;"	f
shape	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int shape = 14;$/;"	m	class:Monads
shape_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::shape_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
shape_scalar	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::shape_scalar(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Noun
simplify	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::simplify(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Noun
size	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage size(const Storage& i) \/\/ #a$/;"	f
size	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int size = 15;$/;"	m	class:Monads
size_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Character::size_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Character
size_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::size_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Integer
size_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::size_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
size_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::size_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
size_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::size_impl(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Real
split	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage split(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a:#b$/;"	f
split	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int split = 46;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
split_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::split_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
split_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::split_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
split_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::split_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
split_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::split_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
squeeze_bigint	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/squeeze.cpp	/^bytes squeeze_bigint(ints integers)$/;"	f
squeeze_floating	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/squeeze.cpp	/^bytes squeeze_floating(std::variant<float, double> value)$/;"	f
squeeze_floats	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/squeeze.cpp	/^bytes squeeze_floats(const floats& values)$/;"	f
squeeze_int	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/squeeze.cpp	/^bytes squeeze_int(int integer)$/;"	f
squeeze_ints	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/squeeze.cpp	/^bytes squeeze_ints(const ints &values)$/;"	f
squeeze_varint	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/squeeze.cpp	/^bytes squeeze_varint(const varint &i)$/;"	f
store_i	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/register.cpp	/^void EvalRegister::store_i(Storage newI)$/;"	f	class:EvalRegister
stringToInteger	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^std::unordered_map<ints, int, IntsHash> Symbol::stringToInteger;$/;"	m	class:Symbol	file:
stringToInteger	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.h	/^    static std::unordered_map<ints, int, IntsHash> stringToInteger;$/;"	m	class:Symbol
t	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    int t;$/;"	m	class:Storage
take	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage take(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a#b$/;"	f
take	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int take = 47;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
take_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage IotaString::take_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:IotaString
take_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::take_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
test_error	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/api.cpp	/^Storage test_error()$/;"	f
times	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage times(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) \/\/ a*b$/;"	f
times	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int times = 48;$/;"	m	class:Dyads
times_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::times_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
times_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::times_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
times_integer	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::times_integer(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
times_integers	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::times_integers(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
times_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::times_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
times_list	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::times_list(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
times_mixed	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::times_mixed(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
times_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::times_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Integer
times_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::times_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
times_real	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::times_real(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:Real
times_reals	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::times_reals(const Storage& i, const Storage& x)$/;"	f	class:List
to_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^bytes Noun::to_bytes(const Storage& x) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
to_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^maybe<bytes> Character::to_bytes(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Character
to_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^maybe<bytes> Dictionary::to_bytes(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Dictionary
to_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^maybe<bytes> Integer::to_bytes(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Integer
to_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^maybe<bytes> IotaString::to_bytes(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:IotaString
to_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^maybe<bytes> List::to_bytes(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:List
to_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^maybe<bytes> MixedArray::to_bytes(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:MixedArray
to_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^maybe<bytes> Real::to_bytes(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Real
to_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^bytes FloatArray::to_bytes(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:FloatArray
to_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^bytes Word::to_bytes(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Word
to_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^bytes WordArray::to_bytes(const Storage &x)$/;"	f	class:WordArray
to_bytes	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^maybe<bytes> Float::to_bytes(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Float
to_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void Character::to_conn(Connection conn, const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Character
to_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void Dictionary::to_conn(const Connection& conn, const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Dictionary
to_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void Integer::to_conn(Connection conn, const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Integer
to_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void IotaString::to_conn(Connection conn, const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:IotaString
to_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void List::to_conn(Connection conn, const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:List
to_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void MixedArray::to_conn(Connection conn, const Storage& x) {$/;"	f	class:MixedArray
to_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void Noun::to_conn(Connection conn, const Storage& x) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
to_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^void Real::to_conn(Connection conn, const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Real
to_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^void Float::to_conn(Connection conn, const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Float
to_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^void FloatArray::to_conn(Connection conn, const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:FloatArray
to_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^void Word::to_conn(Connection conn, const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Word
to_conn	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^void WordArray::to_conn(Connection conn, const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:WordArray
tolerance	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr float tolerance = 1e-14f; \/\/ for match$/;"	m	class:Float
transpose	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage transpose(const Storage& i) \/\/ +a$/;"	f
transpose	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int transpose = 16;$/;"	m	class:Monads
transpose_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::transpose_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
triads	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^std::map<Specialization5, Triad> Noun::triads;$/;"	m	class:Noun	file:
triads	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.h	/^      static std::map<Specialization5, Triad> triads;$/;"	m	class:Noun
true0	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::true0() {$/;"	f	class:Noun
true1	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::true1(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
true2	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::true2(const Storage& i, const Storage& x) {$/;"	f	class:Noun
truth	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Expression::truth(const Storage& i) {$/;"	f	class:Expression
truth	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage truth(const Storage& i)$/;"	f
truth	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.cpp	/^int Storage::truth() const$/;"	f	class:Storage
truth	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int truth = 21;$/;"	m	class:Monads
truth_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Conditional::truth_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Conditional
truth_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Symbol::truth_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:Symbol
undefined	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage QuotedSymbol::undefined()$/;"	f	class:QuotedSymbol
undefined	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage undefined(const Storage& i) \/\/ ?a$/;"	f
undefined	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int undefined = 5; \/\/ If adding new symbols, undefined must also be the last symbol as it marks the end of the list of builtin symbols.$/;"	m	class:SymbolType
undefined	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int undefined = 67;$/;"	m	class:Monads
undefined_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage QuotedSymbol::undefined_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:QuotedSymbol
unique	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage unique(const Storage& i) \/\/ ?a$/;"	f
unique	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int unique = 17;$/;"	m	class:Monads
unique_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage List::unique_impl(const Storage& i)$/;"	f	class:List
values	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^std::unordered_map<int, Storage> Symbol::values;$/;"	m	class:Symbol	file:
values	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.h	/^    static std::unordered_map<int, Storage> values;$/;"	m	class:Symbol
whileOne	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage whileOne(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& x) \/\/ a f\\b $/;"	f
whileOne	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/symbols.h	/^    static constexpr int whileOne = 62;$/;"	m	class:DyadicAdverbs
whileOne_impl	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Noun::whileOne_impl(const Storage& i, const Storage& f, const Storage& g)$/;"	f	class:Noun
write_storage	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/StorageConnection.cpp	/^void StorageConnection::write_storage(Storage x)$/;"	f	class:StorageConnection
x	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int x = 1;$/;"	m	class:SymbolType
y	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int y = 2;$/;"	m	class:SymbolType
z	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/storage.h	/^    static constexpr int z = 3;$/;"	m	class:SymbolType
zero	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Integer::zero()$/;"	f	class:Integer
zero	/Users/dr.brandonwiley/Documents/Arduino/libraries/iota-cpp/libraries/iota-cpp/src/noun.cpp	/^Storage Real::zero()$/;"	f	class:Real
